Really know wrong
Yeah, and look at that.
You are always busy.
Dad doesn't know how to help you either.
Mom, will you let me out to help you?
I swear I really just want to help you
You work too hard
He also dared not run
The old man goes out to play cards every day these days
Don't care about anything at home
Just let this damn girl go out and help with the work
Save me all day
Tired of serving them
Let me tell you something.
If you dare to run
Break your legs
No, I don't dare, I don't dare
Okay, the dishes are washed
Wash that dirty dress again
You can also give me a good drag.
I'm going to wash the dishes right now
Ouch, dead girl is still a bit useful
Sun Xiaoxia
The clothes haven't been washed yet.
Did you wash that bowl?
Moment mom
Wash right away
Damn girl, why are you so slow?
old man
Hey, old man, come back soon
The shoes are gone